[Music]
what would you do what would any of you
be willing to do would you breathe the
weird and haunted Shores at World's End
to fetch back witty Jack did no one come
to save me just because they missed me
[Music]
there was a time but a pyro is free to
make his own way in the world without
time it's coming to an end
[Music]
why should I sail with any of you for we
have tried to kill me in the part one of
you succeeded our enemies of United and
vowed to destroy us if the fight and all
of you will die
the pirate Lords from the four corners
of the earth welcome to Singapore must
stand together
there's not many guys were and like this
in our lifetime and I owe the more money
I would never have worked out between us
keep telling yourself that darling
they know they face extinction
[Music]
all that remains is where they make
their final stand
[Music]
will you marry me
if I wasn't this is probably never
worked
[Music]